Scenes :
    Rocks - simple moving and pushing
    2 - Shuffle rocks, more than one rock in a column
    3 - A rock field. Easy up, hard down.
    4 - Another rock field. Make this 3a
    5 - The circuit.
    6 - Four rooms - the order is important!
    7 - Many rooms, including a rock field.
    8 - One large rock field.

    Balloons - dead easy!
    2 - A little tricky
    3 - Two tricky fields (stamps and coins - both upwards)
    4 - Three fields - hard
    
Need :
    More simple rocks1 and 2
    
    A new balloons1, that you can't do wrong!
    More balloons1 - essentially dead easy
    
    More balloons2 - minimal thought

    Balloon 6
    Vehicles 3,4,5,6
    Furniture 4,5
    Grenades 5,6
    Extra 3,4,5

Add tests pages for each object.
    Chair, table
    Key, Gate
    Soil, Hard
    Wide player, tall player, giant.

Place Sledgers in key places, so that the sledging can be targeted to a given area.
    e.g. "Have you met by brother?"
        Then when he enters the room... "We look alike Don't we."
    Sledgers to have optional roleIDs, so the correct player will speak.
    Each line can be prefixed by #ID:
        If the role is not found, then the conversation stops (player is dead).
        Would need to scroll to that player if its not on screen.

    Sledger and Hint to use rectangles, not pixel detection.

Add sledging to existing scenes    

Map
    Each costume to have a mini-icon, which is auto-generated if none is given.
    Displayed as a pop-up in the middle of the screen, with the grid centered.
        If the grid is bigger than the display, then center the "scroll position" near(er) the middle.
    Actor's x,y is not used, nor its current image, just the grid's x,y and the custumes "map" pose.
    The background background is partially transparent. A Nine-patch ??
        Map Background could be a SceneDirector property.



Weaker player - can't lift or push rocks.
    
Add a Beekeeper tag (and beekeeper outfit ), to make player immune to bees.
    Something to pick up.
    
Big Rock (2x2) Rolls when sitting half and half on solid/empty

Water
    Each cube has a pressure.
    Can be the alternateOccupant
    Empty left or right or below, then spill half of my pressure.
    Average the pressure left/right
    Average the pressure below and above, but weight the average so that below has more pressure, and above has less.
    If pressure <= 0 die.
    If pressure > full and above is empty, then share pressure (but never enough to leave me less than full).
    If pressure >= "full", then use 100% blue, otherwise use a partially full square.
    If I share my square with something else, then add 80% full to my pressure when working stuff out???


Saloon Sally - Tables with/without gold on them
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tnB9tR3ykM

"Cavern" style levels
    Need new bad guys.

Copy bees!
Trick level - you have to copy a bee hive.

Have a music layer, which has notes at each point. When an object moves over it, call that note's event to play the note.
    When a player stays one square, continue to play the square's note(s)
        The player has events, and the squares have event names. Use animations to control the sequence of notes played?
            Use the player's animations, but animate the Note object so that it doesn't interfere with the player's normal animation.
    Can have a high tempo piece whenever you hover on a "dangerous" or important square.
    Different characters will play different samples (but of the same basic note).
    The "correct" way through the puzzle should always sound harmonious
    Have set riffs, which can be played in different keys.
        While moving across a same-key field, it will sound like "Bah-Bah-Bah-Bah" for each square walked.
        Then when you stand still, the riff continues "Bah-da-da-da-Bah-da-da".
    Some square are silent.
    The square knows the name of the note, but the level know the instrument to use. The sample to use if "$instrument-$note".
    Some music squares can change the instrument too. From and To at choke points
    Use the editor's strings to define the riffs??
    Would be nice to have a visual representation of the music squares values.
        Use Makeup to achieve this?
        Can use colour to denote the note - hue for A-G and saturation/brightness for the octave. Background pattern for the instrument.
    Put the music in the grid at the same time as the GridRoles.
    Use classic songs for some obvious-ish pathways.

