Scenes :
    Rocks - simple moving and pushing
    2 - Shuffle rocks, more than one rock in a column
    3 - A rock field. Easy up, hard down.
    4 - Another rock field. Make this 3a
    5 - The circuit.
    6 - Four rooms - the order is important!
    7 - Many rooms, including a rock field.
    8 - One large rock field.

    Balloons - dead easy!
    2 - A little tricky
    3 - Two tricky fields (stamps and coins - both upwards)
    4 - Three fields - hard
    
Need :
    More simple rocks1 and 2
    
    A new balloons1, that you can't do wrong!
    More balloons1 - essentially dead easy
    
    More balloons2 - minimal thought


Add a Beekeeper tag (and beekeeper outfit ), to make player immune to bees.
    Something to pick up.
    
Add tests pages for each object.
    Chair, table
    Key, Gate
    Soil, Hard
    Wide player, tall player, giant.

Place Sledgers in key places, so that the sledging can be targeted to a given area.
    e.g. "Have you met by brother?"
        Then when he enters the room... "We look alike Don't we."
    Sledgers to have optional roleIDs, so the correct player will speak.
    Each line can be prefixed by #ID:
        If the role is not found, then the conversation stops (player is dead).
        Would need to scroll to that player if its not on screen.

    Sledger and Hint to use rectangles, not pixel detection.

Add sledging to existing scenes    

Map
    Each costume to have a mini-icon, which is auto-generated if none is given.
    Displayed as a pop-up in the middle of the screen, with the grid centered.
        If the grid is bigger than the display, then center the "scroll position" near(er) the middle.
    Actor's x,y is not used, nor its current image, just the grid's x,y and the custumes "map" pose.
    The background background is partially transparent. A Nine-patch ??
        Map Background could be a SceneDirector property.


Create more levels
    Balloon 6
    Vehicles 3,4,5,6
    Furniture 4,5
    Grenades 5,6
    Extra 3,4,5

    Caverns style scene. Need new bad guys.


More characters :

    Weaker player - can't lift or push rocks.
    
    Big Rock (2x2) Rolls when sitting half and half on solid/empty
    
    Water
        Each cube has a pressure.
        Can be the alternateOccupant
        Empty left or right or below, then spill half of my pressure.
        Average the pressure left/right
        Average the pressure below and above, but weight the average so that below has more pressure, and above has less.
        If pressure <= 0 die.
        If pressure > full and above is empty, then share pressure (but never enough to leave me less than full).
        If pressure >= "full", then use 100% blue, otherwise use a partially full square.
        If I share my square with something else, then add 80% full to my pressure when working stuff out???


Saloon Sally - Tables with/without gold on them
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tnB9tR3ykM

"Cavern" style levels

Copy bees!
Trick level - you have to copy a bee hive.


